Vectors are dynamic arrays that are stored in the heap memory , They are stored in contigeous memory locations and as they are stored in the heap section of the memory we do not have to define the size of the vector before hand . 
Vectors are exactly like dynamic arrays as they are stored in the contigeous memory locations in heap memory , Only difference between dynamic arrays and vectors is that we can change the size of vectors after allocating them , apart form that vectors can be traversed just like arrays as they are stored in contigeous memory locations
Vectors have the capibality to chage their size at runtime , they have a mechanism to shift the entire vector if we have to resize the vector to a greater size and the new location selected for the vector have more than required memory , this extra memory is kept to avoide shifting of vector again if resizing is required because resizing will take some time .
Vectors manage memory automatically, handling memory allocation and deallocation internally. You do not need to manually manage memory as you would with raw arrays.
Vectors typically allocate memory in blocks or chunks, rather than allocating memory for each individual element. When the vector's capacity is reached and a new element is added, the vector may need to reallocate memory to accommodate the new element and maintain its contiguous storage property. This reallocation process can involve copying the existing elements to a new memory location, which takes time proportional to the number of elements in the vector.
If the vector needs to be resized due to a capacity increase, all existing elements may need to be copied to the new memory location. This copying process can take time proportional to the number of elements in the vector, especially if the elements are large or expensive to copy.
In iterators i+1 and i++ are different things as i++ will take to the next iterator and i+1 will take to the next memeory address this is important to know as with vecors we will not see any difference while using i+1 and i++ as vectors are stored in continueous memory locations and the next iteratio is the next memory location here. But this will be different for maps as they are not contineous like vectors ( they are like linked lists );